[Music]
[Applause]
every pet knows it's a dangerous world
you'd be crazy not to worry Thanks
you're never gonna believe it we're
going on a trip
really
[Music]
maybe a break from the city is just what
you need this places I couldn't see them
because of the town then get rid of the
comb my therapist says I need it it's a
radical device he's doctor there you're
cured
hallelujah
[Music]
you know I'm loving first bunny
washboard abs I need you for a top
secret
Oh Canada
echoes don't be so dramatic
but yes probably the first step of not
being afraid acting like you're not free
where are you going
so are you scared no are you scared no
no I'm not
now you're talking
you want to join me
[Music]